chore: make 121-service start non-detached (#6852)
global-121/121-platform: README.md

    npm run start:services

> This will run Docker Compose in "attached" mode. The logs for all containers
> will be output to stdout. To stop all services press <button>Ctrl</button> +
> <button>c</button>.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will run Docker Compose in "attached" mode. The logs for all containers will be output to `stdout`.  
To stop all services press <kbd>⌃ Control</kbd> + <kbd>C</kbd>.

```

Thanks to: https://kbd.hsuan.xyz/ ;)
